[Update] Article 'Carousels' (#798)
Orange-OpenSource/a11y-guidelines: src/en/articles/carousel.md

- The duration of motion must be less than or equal to 5 seconds (in accordance with the rules defined in Success Criterion <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/pause-stop-hide.html">2.2.2: Pause, Stop, Hide (Level A)</a>).
- The user must be able to stop and restart the motion.
- The user must be able to show and hide the moving content.
- The user must be able to view all information without motion.

### Best practices
To go a little further, here are some additional best practices:

- **It is preferable to position the stop button immediately before the carousel in the DOM order so the button is easily reached by keyboard navigation.**
- Content must be usable with a keyboard: the <kbd>Space</kbd> key to pause/stop and <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Left</kbd>/<kbd>Right</kbd> arrow keys to navigate between slides, etc. <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/carousel/">The full list of keyboard interactions is detailed in the WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices (APG) carousel pattern</a>.
- Pause the rotation when the carousel receives focus; resume it when the carousel loses focus.

> - Displaying the current position via dot navigation helps users orient themselves. Finally, avoid including more than three slides.

Reviewer: "dot points" doesn't seems really relevant.

```suggestion
- Displaying the current position via scroll markers, like bullet points for exemple, helps users orient themselves. Finally, avoid including more than three slides.
```
